how do you even get started on something
like shoulder Mobility well it's
actually not that hard there are only
three things you need to worry about
chest flexibility your lat flexibility
and your rotation in both directions for
the chest stretch all you're going to do
is put your elbow and your wrist against
a wall and then you're going to step
away and the reason you do that is cuz
if you can't reach behind you your
shoulders suck and they're not flexible
and for the lat stretch all you're going
to do is place your hands on the wall
and sink your chest down toward the wall
just like so and for the rotation all
you're going to do is fool around with a
stick that's not what I all I have is a
tripod just grab your stick place it
behind your shoulder and then you can
use it to pull the top hand backwards
and for the internal stretch you're
going to put the stick behind your
shoulder and then pull up just like so o
by the way this routine is literally
from a free ebook I have for you just go
to the link in my bio and I'll get it to
you and by the way that beginning clip
was not reversed stay flexy